README.md, before:

# OnStepServoTesting
My running formulas to generate the Counts Per Degree and Steps Per Degree
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tq_renhxYmt1QZXeV3cT8AOJsoXvolBXulJBMp35MlY/edit?usp=sharing



############## START notes for DC Servo #############################

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/espressif/arduino-esp32/gh-pages/package_esp32_index.json
Use ESP32 board manager 2.0

http://arduino.esp8266.com/stable/package_esp8266com_index.json
Use 8266 Board manager 2.4.2

I found these cheap motors to test with.  I will format all of my code to reflect using these motors on a CG5 mount for consistency.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07GNGGCVP


##############  END notes for DC Servo #############################




############# START notes for Stepper Encoder ########################

Encoder data is being read by the encoder bridge.

Stepper motor came with EA+ EA- and EB+ EB-   I only used EA+ and EB+ connected to the Encoder Bridge AB
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08Q7H4MBS

Not getting good stepper motor movements.  Lots of stalling.

############# END notes for Stepper Encoder ########################

Commit message:

added steper and encoder pointing
good testing with that.... will not take same steppers and encoders and try servo.

README.md, after:

# OnStepServoTesting
My running formulas to generate the Counts Per Degree and Steps Per Degree
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Tq_renhxYmt1QZXeV3cT8AOJsoXvolBXulJBMp35MlY/edit?usp=sharing



############## START notes for DC Servo #############################

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/espressif/arduino-esp32/gh-pages/package_esp32_index.json
Use ESP32 board manager 2.0

http://arduino.esp8266.com/stable/package_esp8266com_index.json
Use 8266 Board manager 2.4.2

I found these cheap motors to test with.  I will format all of my code to reflect using these motors on a CG5 mount for consistency.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07GNGGCVP


##############  END notes for DC Servo #############################




############# START notes for Stepper Encoder As Servo ########################

Encoder data is being read by the encoder bridge.

Stepper motor came with EA+ EA- and EB+ EB-   I only used EA+ and EB+ connected to the Encoder Bridge AB
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08Q7H4MBS

Not getting good stepper motor movements.  Lots of stalling.

Will switch code to use same encoders used in the pointing testing


############# END notes for Stepper Encoder As Servo ########################



############ START Stepper and encoders for pointing #################
Did not use the encoder bridge.  Used the SWS and the 15pin adapter.
https://oshwlab.com/hdutton/db15exp-ab

600 p/r encoders that have 2400 counts per revolution
https://www.amazon.com/Taiss-Incremental-Encoder-Voltage-Warranty%EF%BC%89600P/dp/B07MX1SYXB/?th=1




############ START Stepper and encoders for pointing #################
